Zhenbei Palace swears to death
Qin Feiyang accepted the decree
What if you just escaped the assassination?
Can you stop it?
If it weren't for my eyes and hands just now, I would have ducked them.
I guess I'll go with you first now
It's time for the prince to take the order
Zhenbei Prince Qin Feiyang is ignorant
stubborn
And no talent and no virtue
The original engagement with Princess Linglong is temporarily put on hold
After the princess has made a decision, we will discuss another matter
Appreciate this marriage
What does this mean?
Swear to death
Your engagement with Princess Linglong may be annulled
Do it yourself
Born into a medical family
I am proficient in traditional Chinese and Western medicine
Why did it suddenly cross over?
Well, that's it.
When it comes, take it easy
Actually, you weren't hurt, were you?
The two assassins were unharmed just now
The heart can be blinded
Princess Linglong has repented from her marriage
He said break the marriage
Have you asked my son's opinion?
I mean why it's like becoming a beauty four sons
Dislike this prince for his incompetence and virtue, right?
Zhenfeng get ready
Let's go visit the princess at night